# Biographisches Handbuch der Rabbiner

#### Generated by: Maral Dadvar


In this round basically the BHR website is scarpped once again. Therefore the script Scrapping_Persons_03.py is same as the Scrapping_Persons_01 script in Round1 but
adapted to the new structure of the pages, since they have changed alot since the lasy crawl.

The new generated output file, bhr-new-enrich.rdf, is then merged with the previous one from Round1, EncycBHR-ID-GND-JL.ttl, and all the informaion are combined
in several stages:

1- the script Integrate-new-old-02.py is used to generate bhr.final.ttl and bhr.final-02.ttl files. Here are all information are integrated
except the sameAs. And it is based on common describedAt attribute between 2 files. It is done in 2 stages,
Once considering the publication once without publication, since not everyone has a publication filed. 
In this case the ones withour describtedAt are let out. to resolve this:

2- the script Integrate-new-old-04.py is used. which creats output files bhr-final-03.ttl and bhr-final-04.ttl. here those which have no
mutual describedAt attribute, are compared by the URI. also in 2 stages.


3- to add the sameAs info to the new generated files the Integrate-new-old-04.py script was used and created the bhr-final-05.ttl which is the final
file with all the information, including the sameAs links. This file is uploaded on JudaicaLink. 


All the output files can be found in output folder and all the scripts can be found in scripts folder. 
