# Biographisches Handbuch der Rabbiner

#### Generated by: Maral Dadvar


The BHR-Dataset1.csv is created from the data extarcted Biographisches Handbuch der Rabbiner webpage (http://www.steinheim-institut.de/_dbs/rabbiner-index/query.html), by seraching a space character,  

In the next step this file is cleaned and using the ContentExtraction.py script the file Encycoutput.csv is created.

The Encyc.rdf is the rdf file created from the content of the Encycoutput.csv using the Encyc-to-RDF.py script.

The BHR-ID.csv file is generated using the Scrapping_Persons_01.py script. It is the result of crawling webpage of BHR and includes the name,internal id and and GND-ID of persons when available.

The EncycBHR-ID.rdf file is generated using the Encyc-to-RDF-ID.py script. THis is the rdf file created from the BHR-ID.csv.

The EncycBHR-ID-GND.ttl is the final file in which the GND-IDs and sameAs linkes from EncycBHR-ID.rdf are assigned to the persons in Encyc.rdf 
using the BHR-GND.py scripte.

The file EncycBHR-ID-GND-JL.ttl is the output of BHR-vs-JudaicaLink-01.py script using EncycBHR-ID-GND.ttl file. This scripts looks into JudaicaLink exsiting datasets and interlinks the common concepts between
BHR and those datasets as sameAs links. 
This file also contains the birthlocation and deathlocation of the persona who had a GNDID. The locations are extarcted from GND using the script: BHR-vs-GND-01.


All the output files can be found in output folder and all the scripts can be found in scripts folder. 
