# Generated persons from GND 

#### Generated by: Maral Dadvar


The python scripts in folder 'scripts' generate persons from GND, based on their geographic category stated in GND at: http://d-nb.info/standards/vocab/gnd/geographic-area-code.html

The person_generator_GND_01.py script, generates persons from GND, based on their country which is set to Israel <http://d-nb.info/standards/vocab/gnd/geographic-area-code#XB-IL> . The occupation of the persons are also extracted. 
This script generates the output file called generated_persons_GND_01.ttl which is stored in output folder. 

The person_generator_GND_Occontology_01.py script, mappes the occupations URIs in the generated file to JudaicaLink occupation ontology which is generated as explained in ontology folder. This script generates the output file called
generated_persons_GND_Occontology_01.ttl which is stored in output folder. This is the final version of the dataset used in JudaicaLink. 


In the person_generator_GND_02.py script, the query is modified and the generated persons from GND are based on the category Jews <http://d-nb.info/standards/vocab/gnd/geographic-area-code#XY> from GND. 
The occupation of the persons are also extracted. This script generates the output file called generated_persons_GND_02.ttl which is stored in output folder. 

The person_generator_GND_Occontology_02.py script, mappes the occupations URIs in the generated file to JudaicaLink occupation ontology which is generated as explained in ontology folder. This script generates the output file called
generated_persons_GND_Occontology_02.ttl which is stored in output folder. This is the final version of the dataset used in JudaicaLink. 

In these scripts, the GND dump which is already loaded on our fuskei triple store, is accessed by connecting to the sparql endpoint. 
The current directory (chdir) can be modified and set locally.  


The file Freimann-GND-enriched-05.ttl is generated using Freimann-GND-enrich.py script (in scripts folder) and Freimann-GND-03.rdf file (in sources folder). This file contains all the authors from the Freimann collection of University Library of Frankfurt who were enriched with their GND-ID information. 


Using the scrip and the Freimann-GND-03.rdf file, the final file is generated in 5 stages as can be seen in the script: Freimann-GND-enriched-01.ttl , 02, 03, 04 and 05. In each stage a different query is used inorder to enrich the data with as much further information as possible from GND.    