# Generated persons from DBPedia

#### Generated by: Maral Dadvar


The person_generator_DBPedia.py script generates persons from DBPedia based on their occupation. 
To do so, first the occupation URIs are read from the occ_ontology.rdf file in sources folder. Then using that URI we query DBPedia data dump by accessing the DBPedia sparql end point (http://dbpedia.org/sparql) 
to extract the persons from that occupation category. For every person all the labels and sameAs links to other sources are extracted. The occupation of every person is mapped to Judaicalink occupation ontology 
as discribed in ontology folder.
The output RDF file, generated_person_dbpedia.ttl,  is stored in output folder in Turtle format. 

For the generated persons who also had a link to Wikidata, we generated their gndid, by extrating the id from Wikidata when availabe. To do so we used the gndid_generator.py script.
The script would pars the generated_person_dbpedia.ttl file, and extract the wikidata URIs and then by accessing wikidara sparql endpoint (https://query.wikidata.org/sparql) , would extract the corresponding gndid
of that person. 



After generating other datasets for JudaicaLink, we realized that the attributes' formats are not unified and consistent among all datasets. To resolve this issue we had to make some modifications in the above mentioned files to adapt our data to the other datasets. 
The files generated_person_dbpedia_modified.ttl and generated_person_dbpedia_modified_gnd.ttl were generated using the person_generator_DBPedia_modify.py and person_generator_DBPedia_modify_gnd.py scripts respectively. In the first file the prefLabel is generated based on the other dataset’s formats.  And in the second generated file the gndid of the persons are integrated into the dataset using the persons-gndid.ttl file. 


Then the generated_person_dbpedia_modified_gnd.ttl file was used to extract further information about each person from GND when available, such as date and location of birth and death and altlabels. 
For this purpose the generated_persons-DBPedia-enrich.py script was used and the final file with all information is generated_persons_DBPedia_enriched_02.ttl (the generated_persons_DBPedia_enriched_01.ttl is an intermediate output file which is then used for creating the final file). 

All the generated files are in the output folder and the scripts are in scripts folder. 